hello and welcome this video would like
to show you a Sony PlayStation related
item that was only released in Japan the
PocketStation if you ever had a ps1
you maybe remember those memory cards
here between necessary to save your
games there are different types in
different colors available and you could
buy originally Sony or third-party ones
that were cheaper but often not so
reliable that the original ones the sony
pocketstation looks like that and it is
also memory card it can store game saves
as the normal memory cuts did but it
also has a small black and white NCTE
and buttons special ps1 games had the
capability to install mini games on the
Pocket station and you could play them
on the goal the pocket station came out
in 1999 and you could choose between a
white one or a crystal one they ritually
we are delivered with a strip there are
also special versions in other colors
deliver together with some games there's
a small speaker built-in in the pocket
station and the pocket stations can
communicate with each other via infrared
you can use the pocket station even as
an alarm clock
if you know the Sega Dreamcast gaming
console there was a similar device
available called visual memory unit or
vmu that you could stick into the
Dreamcast controller the pocket station
is also recognized by European and US
play stations as I can demonstrate you
here on my European ps1 which has a
beatings on the screen let's insert the
pocket station that works like that
let's switch it down
whenever the PlayStation excesses the
date of the PocketStation there's a red
LED blinking and what you see here are
the games I've installed on the Pocket
station so they are presented like game
saves if you want to play the minigames
the official way to do that would be to
use Japanese PlayStation with Japanese
PocketStation compatible games I have
some of the Japanese ps1 games made for
the pocket station in my collection but
the problem is that I do not understand
Japanese language so this pretty hard
for me to install any mini game
unfortunately often the pocket station
support was removed from the non
Japanese versions of the same games so
for example only the Japanese crash
bandicoot version has the pocket station
support built-in the unofficial way to
get the minigames is to download them
from some emulator on webpage and
install them using a tripped PlayStation
what I did is I used an old chipped
PlayStation I got from eBay in the air I
use the homebrew program called pocket
station safe manager you can burn a city
together with the downloaded mini games
and you can then install them on the
Pocket station by the way the battery in
the pocket station last several months
and when it gets empty the games are not
gone they still stay in the memory of
the pocket station so let's have a quick
look at some of the games I've not
played them marry off and so please
don't expect detailed game reviews the
games are very simplistic like old
mobile phone games from the year 2000
you can select the game fair pressing
left and right
member
at the end of this video I want to tell
you to be careful if you want to buy
PocketStation is there are some fake
pocket stations available have a look if
you see the PlayStation logo in the
screen and take care the peghead looks
like this I bought mine from a sale in
Japan who showed high resolution
pictures where I could see the logo in
the pink side there are a lot of
discussions going on if in a retail
pocket station came in a boxer only in a
bag at the moment I tend to believe that
they were also boxed ones available so
thanks for watching and thanks for
subscribing